Windows dev guide update (#2975)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/windows_developer_guide.md

> Press Start and paste "Developer Command Prompt for VS 2022" to run cmd.exe for VS C++ developers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press Windows Start and paste in search bar "Developer Command Prompt for VS 2022" to open command interpreter windows for VS C++ developers
```

> Run commands in this prompt is not stated otherwise.

Reviewer: It looks like all commands below could or should be executed in  Developer Command Prompt for VS 2022. Maybe this should be in bold here?

https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows/releases/download/1.1.12/nvm-setup.exe
After installation run below commands,
Run in command line:
```bat
nvm install 22.9.0
nvm use 22.9.0
npm cache clean --force
```

If you want to compile without proxy, npm proxy needs to be reset:

> ```bat

Author: I will test it.
